ref/increase_minsdkversion_android (#209)
AppLovin/AppLovin-MAX-React-Native: CHANGELOG.md

## Versions

## x.x.x

> * Increase minSDKversion in Android from 16 to 21 to support `gradlew build`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Increase the `minSdk` required to build the project's build script (e.g. `./gradlew build`) from 16 to 21.
```
